How to make something that can last for a thousand years?
Because it is a long time - man-made things can rarely last for a thousand years.
The building behind me is not designed to last that long.
Perhaps for about a century, they were razed and rebuilt.
The Goff pyramid has been maintained for an extremely long time.
Some universities can be traced back to nearly a thousand years ago.
There is a construction company in Japan that started in 578 AD and closed down a few years ago.
But if you have a project that will last for so long, you won't have a long life to see the day of completion.
I mean, we hope that life extension technology will appear - but now,
At the very least, human beings have lived for more than a hundred years.
So what if your project needs to last for a thousand years?
Behind me is Longplayer, located in the Trinity Buoy Wharf lighthouse in London.
Longplayer is a music making with 磬,
Designed to sustain a thousand years - from the beginning of 2000 to the end of 2999.
This is a very long time. therefore,
It cannot be done by an individual, it must be a company.
Here, a non-profit charity called Longplayer Trust
His job is to maintain the operation of the composition.
It is now synthesized by a computer.
There is a large instrument that is being completed there.
The work of the trust is as follows:
• Update your computer when needed,
• Translate software into another language when needed,
• Find someone to take over for the Longplayer Trust Committee
In this way, in 980 years,
Whether here, or elsewhere, or rising sea level: completely in another city or country,
You can still hear Longplayer music somewhere in the world.
This is how to make something that lasts for a thousand years.
It takes a lot of people to participate and design an entity that lasts for so long - a company.
This is something you may not know.
[Translate these subtitles? Add your name here! ]